lMYLWaCPSnc,Spurs,Reg Season - Thunder,Hey it's awesome. It's back in the court. Hey it's awesome.
pazr3gYheas,Spurs,Reg Season - Thunder,Just what are your thoughts on finishing off the series the way you guys did tonight by the you know the margin you did tonight with the mentality you did tonight and now going on to the Western conference finals? I think it was good for us. Like I said before you know we knew what we were you know coming into. We knew what you know some of the adjustments they they could make you know that was the first time that you know they put Rudy on staff and this is something that we've seen before in the past not with this team but with other teams and we were prepared so the way that we came out the way that we started the game and the way that we started the second half I think you know put us in a great position when and we were able to execute. I guess it's fair to say putting Rudy on staff didn't not work because he's three points in the right area. No I didn't but I said like we're prepared for that we've practiced those things whenever teams invert and like to do because you know you have Vic out there so teams throw out different matchups and that was the first time that we saw it in this series and we were prepared. Darren how's your ankle feeling? I'm alright. I heard you bit. It's a side not the back so I felt comfortable. I felt comfortable being back out there. When this group was put together people had questions about how you cast a little Harper would all fit and in the first quarter you and Steph were setting each other up and just you know trading buckets. How much fun has it been to develop that chemistry and how dangerous of pairing or trio I guess. I mean I think it's great. You know the way our rotations work at all times we have two of us out there. At all times we have two of us out there and we're all able to play off of one another. We can all get to the basket we all make our open shots. We facilitate for each other and other guys on the court like it just adds the dynamic of our team and then you know being able to one get stops rebound pushing and transition. It makes it easier because you know sometimes you play a team and they have one ball handler and we're able to wear where that guy down and it makes it hard for that team so with us having three of them it makes it pretty easy. We can take the pressure off of each other. We can try to take the pressure off of Vic as well and you know we're in this position. I haven't spent this year next to Steph. What is he made of? It seemed like that dude was ready for whatever. Man he takes on
RJ8vLCuH4Eo,Spurs,Reg Season - Magic,I guess when you look at the final two possessions you're going to probably say probably can't get better defense and Harrison have on Palo and probably couldn't get a better look than you got from Vic because that's what a rear view of how they do that going down. Yeah I thought there were a couple plays prior to that. Obviously the last play is good a lot of attention rightfully so. But yeah I thought when you get stops like that at the end of the game to give them extra possessions is tough. And just crunch time execution. So it's just something that we have to continue to improve upon because that's how close these games are in the balance. Whether it was a free throw block out in the first half that didn't feel like that was had the attention of the last play at the possession. Right. And so those are the things that we have to continue to improve upon. Overall how do you think the team handled the size of the magic throwback even all kinds of things? I thought we did a good job for the most part. There's a few stretches there where we had some turnovers especially in the paint with their length. Whether it's maybe more bounce pass than airtime or it's keep it dribble but they're a good defensive team. So it's not an outlier. But I thought for the most part we tried to screen. We tried to keep the integrity of our spacing and play out of that and playing space. I thought we missed some good shots. And yeah I thought we'd get ourselves a chance to win. Just a few of those possessions here and there that we just you know that's that's the NBA. What was running through your mind as Harrison Barnes right off six straight threes in that first quarter? And when kind of quiet later on. We haven't always done a good job of acknowledging and then trying to ride a hot hand. Got hits two or three and then sometimes they won't even get the basketball again. Not intentionally just we haven't done a good job sometimes. When the guy gets hot like that you need to ride that as much and as long as you can. I thought we did a good job. I tried to continue to get him the ball and that stretch. Can you talk a little bit about the bronze? I think you mentioned it with like 33 points and 12 rebounds. Yeah he was you know he was relentless. He kept attacking. I thought for the most part you know there's a few times where we could have shifted onto him and showed him a little bit more of a crowd. A few times you know we were really emphasizing for Victor to meet him at the r
A7sQJ8KzmcY,Spurs,Reg Season - Magic,What do you think the Magic did to force so many turnovers from you guys? Honestly I think it was really just their pressure in the fourth quarter. I feel like the first three quarters were kind of solid with it. We had a couple of turnovers early but I feel like the majority of the game were good. I think that fourth quarter they kind of ran it up and that's how they kind of broke away with the lead. How difficult is it to defend the 6-10 guy with the skill set of Frans Wagner? I mean I won on one. I feel like I did a pretty good job. I mean he got a couple of catcher shoots early. I mean just with a team like that when you can kind of load up have heavy shifts. It makes it a lot easier. But yeah I mean just really playing the numbers. I mean guys are going to have good shooting nights so I think it was just one of those for them. Just kind of like everything that they've asked of you you know guard point guard. And tonight you're guarding Wagner and Isaac. Do you feel like you're just kind of growing defensively being able to guard these multiple positions right now? I mean at this point in the season I feel like that's what's kind of expected now. I feel like I'm the out of the beginning of the season. It was kind of eye-opening but I mean with what seven seven eight games left kind of expected now. So I'm about used to it. You talk about the mixed emotions tonight obviously at the top loss but you know earning the rookie of the month award from March earlier today. I mean I wasn't thinking about that coming into the game. I mean my mind was really just focused on the game solely. I know that their team didn't care about that at all so coming into the game that wasn't really on my mind. Where would you say you learned or progressed the most as your rookie year has gone? Probably defensively learning guys' tendencies. I feel like in college I kind of just use my size and athleticism to you know speed guys up and you know get them off their spots. But being in the league now you know guys are a lot better so being able to play their tendencies and put them in position that they don't like to be here. How has the whole year with Chris now? How would you say he's kind of helped you along or what kind of impact he's had on the start of your career? I mean just being able to see the same reads that he sees just sharing the court with him whether I'm receiving the pass or you know I'm on the wing watching him you know create for somebody else. I feel like it's
UcwemfW0acY,Spurs,Reg Season - Wizards,I just have to have as much drama this time. I felt like it was destined to get there today. I thought we did a really good job. And at the end of the third quarter got a little shaky. And again 48 minutes you strive for perfection. But you know there's going to be a game around this. And I was really proud of how we set it ourselves in the fourth quarter. We had a few times in our work. So we're growing pains and hiring and out things and learning moments. And it's a good sign when you can improve quickly in those moments. One of the ways you seem to study yourself was just deer and vicar trading baskets there in the fourth quarter. Is that sort of what your envisioning things might look like going forward with those two? They did a great job. Yeah I mean obviously we're learning the environment for those guys to play in. We're just together just on their own and their spots. And now everybody fits around that. That'll be something to that. And we'll take a little bit of time. I thought even initially before that we were playing out of our defense pretty well. Getting some stops playing fast. You know playing in some you know mismatches and cross-matches. And when they weren't set on defense we had to end up thought we had some really good kind of crunch time execution there. And those two guys get a ton of credit for that. And other guys around it because they had the proper space until all those guys are playing in space. Seems like you answered pretty much every challenge that they gave in that fourth quarter. But what was the key to doing that? I did think it was execution. I thought there was a time there where it felt like we had okay positions and we just didn't finish them out. Whether that was kind of drove it right at the end the rebound here or there. And I thought we did a good job at some point of just finishing off positions on both ends of the floor. Yeah Aaron got to the front line 18 times. Is that a part of the risk getting that you guys are kind of going to count on? Maybe not 18 times every night but just getting aligned and being aggressive that all of a sudden. We will need him and Victor both to put tremendous pressure on the reinforcements at times. And he did that tonight. And we have some of those dry spells that can alleviate that for sure. Thank you.
5kkeOuEGuqk,Spurs,Reg Season - Wizards,Dylan are you everyone here you can drive at will but are you getting more comfortable with your outside shot and just finding those spots? I mean yeah definitely. I think just putting the work in I think over time if we just keep shooting shooting shooting and focus on the right things I think that your shot was my shot was going to start getting more consistent. And I think that's just what I've been doing. Whether that's pre-game whether that's my off day going to the gym and shooting just staying consistent with that and just trying to get that better. So definitely. What about that? From the wing in particular it seems like you're more comfortable with that shot. I mean I just shoot it. I mean I think just not thinking. No if I'm going to shoot it you better just shoot it and not think about it because you started thinking about it. Then that's how it's going to laugh right? Instead of just shooting and getting out your hands. But I mean just being able to be on that wing and I know that whoever's driving the ball could trust on me and calling me and knock down that shot. You guys have talked a lot about everyone's ability to get down to the rim. Do you think it adds a different layer different thing for other teams to focus on when you guys are starting to shoot it well? Yeah I mean you got to pick your poison. You either go and let us play one on one at the rim or you're going to help and you're going to let us kick out and get through. So I mean just I think when we have days like we did we didn't shoot the ball so great. But we shot the ball good enough where we can get over the hump. And I think that's what we did today. Even when we's limited minutes I mean so many highlights. Have you gotten used to seeing what he can do? I mean I don't think he can get used to it by me. I think it's being out there. You being out there the stuff you see is crazy. I think practice you know he does that every day. So I think to us it's a regular day. But I can understand why from like the outside looking in it's like whoa. What do you think of a step especially in the beginning of this game the way he's supposed to be? I mean just as energy is contagious. That's the biggest thing I say. He goes out every day. And I mean if he's in a good mood bad mood whatever mood is he's going to go out there and try to enforce his will. And I think he did that very early. And it just helped all of us you know pick our energy up. Coach Manning sort of how taxing and demanding 
5RLdy6WBfWA,Spurs,Reg Season - Bulls,The first one definitely I don't know what the spot was going to. Second one not really but I quickly decided to because I felt like I could get separation and I felt like you would just make this situation more complicated if I went through crowd. So I guess I chose right. You have a move back can you just physically take a lot of a little off from the locker room? Sure yeah sure. No it's good to have him back. There's not many shell blockers like him in the league so it's always good to take a look. Yeah that was the part of the plan along because they're playing a good brand of basketball and they're playing as a team and being successful as a team. So we wanted to have a better scheme than play 101. But yeah we had to step up on defense. I think this quarter is in 20. This quarter 19 in the fourth quarter. And yeah on the other side taking a team to the ball and just being more solid. Going back to those two or threes. Out of the box versus Rocket's game obviously with the others and not that I'm able to talk about a certain amount of pride that European guys have going at each other. Those two or threes on the pitch. Did they have a play in two so you meant at all? I guess. The European side? No. No no no. I guess it's... I don't know if that's... It depends because like you can talk about Janice. She might be European but that's not what defines him in his league. What defines him is being one of the best. So I feel like this overrides the European side. What do you see? Are you going to say that you like as a player to be role of the game and in which area? You're at both focus on the game and the final. What am I focusing on? Definitely some skills that are a little bit invisible. Nothing flashy but some of the hardest things I'm working on is taking out position early and putting myself in better conditions especially before I catch a ball. But it's long. It's always slower than I would like. But this is what I'm working on. Can you talk about how your confidence continues to grow as you get more experience and just the success that you get over the less your close-down? I feel like experience. The experience reps. I feel like I'm going to be rolling that confidence. Because at the end of the day I don't know. I have like I don't know 130 games a minute. I don't know. You're my career. And there's lots of things that I wish would go faster but I just need some reps. It's never a straight curve but it's definitely trending up. You've been posting u
K-BwHFg_NFs,Spurs,Reg Season - Knicks,We were taking the ball out the neck quite a bit so that obviously took away our pace. And they did a great job just their physicality on the basketball was apparent. They did a really good job but whether it was pushing the set off or in areas or just having really good resistance and presence and activity on the basketball and then they're very connected by it. So just to well coached well connected performers from the group their whole group talked about it. What kind of went down like during the 19-year-old run? That's the biggest run you have given the policies. Just kind of cured with the game playing and stuff. You know when you play against a team like this and a competitive physical game as it was in a hostile environment that it is the first 10 minutes roughly couldn't have got almost any better for us. And we're at the Frito line blocking out a great foul that we had in terms of the situation that called upon it on Mitchell Robinson. He misses a free throw. They get the rebound and that started the run. I think that play wasn't the run but we have to understand the delicacy of every possession and every detail because when you're playing a team of this caliber and you give them or help give them I should say obviously they had great effort to get the basketball but something that should be more controllable than not. Now you let someone like Jalen Brunson get into a rhythm when you give them multiple opportunities then we foul the shooter. So I think that stretch got them going. We missed some shots but then I think that stretch led us to being very hesitant very indecisive there in our back foot. And I think if you watched us even a little bit this year the best version of us is fast activity space pace whether that's ball movement body movement or combination of. And at that point through that stretch we were felt like in quicksand a lot both ways. And then they get a lot of credit for that. A big big deal. We made up this to the guys 11 or 11 a.m. One day a lot of things go wrong. Is this is an example of what they can't do or what kind of a lot of problems? Every game there's takeaways and learning lessons and moments that we want to extrapolate. I think tonight is a great example of against a team that you want to be able to compete against in an environment that was hostile and is going to continue to get like this as a season goes on. And it's going to test your poise composure. It's going to test your physicality and in metal. And those 
tfNlsUpz4G0,Spurs,Reg Season - Knicks,I think they did put some physicality but not even the most that we've seen you know. And for some reason we were somewhat hesitant. I think you were in general team thing and for myself I was especially hesitant on three for some reason. I think I was holding the ball a little too much when I shot them. I've seen a few more reps. That's it. But yeah it hasn't been for some reason. In that you can see that in our turnovers as well. I had seven. And lots of dumb life ball turnovers too. We gave him life. We should have been better especially on that run in the first quarter. I think that was it. That was it. Kind of collectively as a group. What can you take from this that you know can help you move in forward with you guys giving to that first playoff? I mean I think we're looking them. We can take an example. That's how to come back in the game because we were dominating at first. We had one mistake not made a mistake offensive rebound. And that's when they had their run you know. But you can see like I mean we can take an example of them. They just needed one spark to get it going. And then they were going to stop them. I think it's good for us to see this kind of adversity. I mean we want to play the best teams. You know and this is a top playoff. You know top seed team the player team experienced. They know what it's like you know and they give us good showing today. You know what turnovers cost the board. You think it's an area that you can easily snowball. Of course. Of course. You know we get turnovers especially live ball. They get a fast break or next position. If they score they're ready. They already back on defense. They're ready. It's hard for us to it's hard for any team to play a half-core defense. So we take in. And after that we do turn ball over again or take a bad shot. They get it going. They get an easy one. And it's just no bullet effect. We said the physicality was nothing you haven't seen before. Yeah. When that happens today were you surprised that you've got didn't handle it as long as you have previously? I'm surprised. Yeah. It feels like they're a good basketball team. They are good actual basketball players you know. It's not like the nice used team you know. They're not at a good team to watch but they made our game really good. Should have turned me gravity on this side. I don't care. I don't care. I do it in the same. There were a few turnovers at the end. We're trying to pass it into you and it just got picked off by me. W
s2BSWOHXhTA,Spurs,Reg Season - Cavaliers,on you guys and how much was it there? I'm just going to say both. I don't know. You have to believe in credit for playing a good game. I thought are it looked like we had an extreme amount of anxiety on offense and so we were not in rhythm for most of the night. I need to find that anxiety. Again Cleveland gets an immense amount of credit for their game plan their execution their defense in general. It felt like an unnecessary feeling of desperation at times tonight. I think there's probably a few different sources of that. Some of its motivation. Some is trying to make a play. Some is trying to be aggressive. Some of its trying to extend a lead or cut a lead where you can't get six point plays. You just need to let the play the game call upon what's appropriate at the time and let the basketball use its energy for good. When you get games in a row of me there's lessons in what you're talking about and dealing with that anxiety and dealing with challenges after things are going so well for so long. I think time will tell. It's easy to try to answer that now. I think on the surface of course sure. There's a level of real variables that you could point to in terms of you had added visibility excitement level of games in regards to the cup and Christmas and whatnot. But we have a job that season start in October and it's going till the spring time. And you have to go to your job every day and you have to have the right approach and you have to execute whatever that work day calls upon. And we have not been as good as we needed to be the last couple days. To give you a detailed answer I'd have to go back and watch but I think we've wanted to utilize him as a screener and a roller and put pressure on the rim. I thought he did a good job of that. And when he does with the right angles and the handlers do their part in that partnership we're typically able to gain advantages and good looks. And I thought there were times when we did that with proper spacing and there were times when we did that we missed shots. And I think that's something that we have to understand that that can't dictate the process or the approach of what's going to go into trying to produce the outcomes. The stuff that goes in prior to the outcome has to be what we value. And then typically if you do that consistently over time you get the outcomes that you like or more times and not. That starting group has not started a ton of games together kind of countertuitedly mostly DR and Victor alw
pd-ETCd7BQY,Spurs,Reg Season - Cavaliers,Did you guys take revenge? You see and diagnosed that? Not enough ball movement. Offensively and defensively we just we didn't guard the ball. They got to the lane way too much. They're finishing at the paint pretty much every single time. And we're not going to win games with people just continuously getting layups. And I mean really no resistance. It was all of us. So being one of the leaders on the team that's something that Mitch calls the first time out. We got to adjust to and we got to sit here and get better at. We can't sit here and just keep playing that snowball. It's snowballing snowballing snowballing. I think it's just something we got to learn from for short. It's not all of it. One factor is you know Luke's out next night. You don't have a big man in the middle. What's the difficulty of keeping teams out of the paint when you don't have that guy? Yeah I mean it's tough. Obviously Bizz came in and gave us great minutes and even playing small with J-so. And sometimes even having KJ or HB at your five. Obviously there's tough in their units that we haven't played a lot of minutes together with. So it's tough to get continuity and certain stuff like that. But I think we just stop people from getting always to the best. Maybe even if they settle for like tough tools or mid-arranges the other thing that we'll live with compared to them is literally lay lay lay lay. So it is what it is. Hopefully Luke and Vic and we get everybody back and we'll be healthy soon. So just excited for that. Mitch did mention he thought there's probably some mental fatigue. Does that add up? It's been a lot of travel. You guys have. Yeah it's been a lot. But I mean that's the name of the game. And that's the season. We're 20 games in. And that's just what it is. You play a lot of games. You travel a lot. And we don't really try to make a lot of excuses. So well bounce back in that game. We're excited. We're excited for two days off. For sure get some rest. What are you going to do with your days off? I want to travel again. Yeah I want to travel again. New ones always got good food. So just replenish. Get some good food. Buy some food. Hang out with the guys and get ready for this game. For that first that you had with the 730s did you notice Cleveland kind of? Yeah I already knew what it was after that. Any player gets hot like that. The team's not going to let them just keep shooting. So they kind of just stay with me kind of wherever I win. And that's just something
eIk2dPVx1V4,Spurs,Reg Season - Cavaliers,I think we came over to get the defense. I think they did a great job. They made a good good job. It should be a more calm game that was 20 years ago. I think that was kind of what Mitch was talking about when he brought up anxiety in terms of maybe forcing a shot or trying to get too many points back on one play. What can you all do as a group to sort of slow down and have that level of patience? What was the process? Not skipping steps. Being more calm I mean I don't really know how to say it in English but maybe just step back and look at the things. Yes that's about it. As you said what you said makes me think that like all of us want to do the right thing of course but sometimes we want to skip steps. Handling success. You guys had such a big moment. What are your challenges associated with that? I'm sure there are but if there are there would have showed more on the previous game probably. We lost against Utah but it's also a transition in our season for us because we just came off a very tough stretch of which we came out pretty successful. It was very demanding games mentally demanding Scalm reports and opponents. We have to be able to settle down after that and not let everything go the way. It's like we did the last two games. But now we're getting to a part of the season where we have to control more than we have to do the incredible things. Everyone around the franchise talks about the continued growth and the process. As uncomfortable as it may be right now as this maybe part of the process of getting to a point where you expect to win games or expect not to have walls after winning streaks and one. Of course we have to handle the dynamics better. Never get too high when we lose. I think of it after the last game. We're not as good as everybody said we were after the last however many games I don't know before. We're not as bad as we showed the last two games. But yeah we have to be able to handle that. We do everything to win. Everybody is locked in at practice at Scalm. But we can't waste some efforts with mistakes we can control like this. It seems like pretty much every game since you've been back has been physical. How's your body feeling and what do you need to do in these physical games to sort of impose your will or figure out how to get buckets? My body's feeling good. It's I think you said this before I mean you just got to be tough and also learn to punish the over-physicality of the opponents which is something I'm learning to do. 
gBH09GsCP6U,Spurs,R1G1,Which of the guys seemed kind of loose this morning? Was that the kind of vibe you expected to see from them? They were about a really good week. I think was our first real practice in months earlier in the week. And I think that we're prepared. And so whatever happens the next few hours I think we're content that more time wouldn't have helped. I don't know what that means but I think we try to fill up our time appropriately in every which way whether that was on the core preparation to film to break down to rest. But yeah now it's time to go play. You're almost full strength as Jordan day to day with that ankle. Yeah it's getting better but yeah it's not quite ready to go. But he has improved and he's done some work on the core. So we'll have him back soon. Coach you guys had a couple of different like many series baseball series kind of deals during the season against quality opponents. How did those I guess help you as a staff like in terms of preparing for the playoffs? And then when you have a week to prepare for one opponent that you're playing in a seven game series what are you able to do differently in terms of preparation? Yeah I think the baseball series probably isn't as helpful as you'd hope it to be other than there's some carryover from repeatable schemes coverages recognition hopefully that you're trying to dive into. But again the regular season in my opinion up into this point it just is such a fast pace never ending current. You got to just kind of stay with it. And I think we as coaches as much as we probably don't want to admit it. We talk about not skipping steps you still got to find a way to pick your battles whatever that may be. And then you get to have a availability for somebody that's really hurting sometimes. That's one to dig into the weeds and some details on something that you may not get the return of that commitment. I think that's what the week allows a little bit more. It's just time. And that's one thing that's a very precious commodity. And we try to value especially our players time more than anyone. And so I think this week especially playing the late game on Sunday gave us as much time as we've had since October to kind of dividing concrete times some details and getting into the weeds of what that meant or where we want to put our energy. That could be Portland focus. That could be us focus. That could be some potential adjustments that we haven't done. And so I think just the time itself allowed us to have a lit
OTLDCp3MTN8,Spurs,R1G1,I guess first of all your first playoff game what was that experience like? Was it was everything you dreamed it would be and more? And more. 100%. Fans were amazing. Amidst fear was crazy. I think it took us a little bit to settle in. And that's just you know first game maybe nerves just anxious. Everybody was just ready to play. But as we started in you know that second half they went on the run in the third quarter. But as we got stops and got out transition and really settled into our game that's when we started pulling away. I mentioned the nerves to start. Now that you guys have one of these games under your belt do you feel like game two will be a little more even killed to start? Or what are your expectations? Yeah I mean I think so. I think that's watching film two and I just learning and making adjustments onto you know little things. I mean we went over it all week and then you know you get into the game and it's just totally different animals. So for us to watch the film and for us to adjust and it's going to be big for us truly. Devon this is Carolina with Spurfict. Tonight the crowd was pretty energetic but also coach Pop Tim Duncan Monu David Robinson George Gervin seeing those type of Spurs legends show up here tonight to support you guys. And then a lot of most of them were wearing the playoff shirts. What does that mean to you guys as a team that they're here to support you all? I mean it's a big family thing here. I feel like that's the biggest thing. It's all about family and they're here all the time. And for them to have that type of support it's just huge for us. The crowd was into it. Having them here was great but like I said we're locked in. I'm so ready for game two. We can clean up some stuff and I think we'll be on a whole lot better game two. Considering it was your playoff to debut that stretch in the third quarter you had eight straight points two blocks. Is that one of the most memorable of your career that stretch? Yeah for sure. Just not giving up. I think Drew Holiday was going to get like a wide open layup and clear to get a wide open layup. I mean that's what we talked about. Just not giving up on the play. Every position matters whether it's the first position the first quarter the last position the fourth quarter. Played to the whistle. Who knows? Those blocks could get us going. Steph and Fox and Vic are always finding me in transition. And so I just got to be confident and let it go. Just overall defensively you gu
bz0n0zxoowc,Spurs,R1G1,I know you're usually even keel about every game you're going to play but this was your first playoff game. Was today waking up getting ready? Was anything different about today for you? Of course I mean it is obviously different but we've been really good in the regular season. So we had no reason to act differently or do anything different. In terms of tactics the sport aspect of it is different because we have more time to prepare and we're going to have to play in four times in a row but that's it. Hey Vic over here sorry I'm hiding in the back. When did Vicell get to bang the drum at the end? I don't know if that's your choice all the time or if you just grabbed it but what was the thinking behind that? It's not my choice but that was my suggestion for sure. It was no weird that he didn't get to do it in the regular season. Was it reflective of the game he had too? Of course. We always try to put this spotlight on the ones who deserve it. I think he grabbed a rebound towards the end of the first quarter and into the play at the other end of the court. When did you know during a play like that? That's going to be a special play. Were you planning on going the whole way through the whole way? I don't remember. It was at a two or three. We went coast to coast. Around your back a couple times maybe. Yeah. I had to look again. On a different note. Did you hear from Timmy or David today? No not yet. I mean I heard the crowd when they were on the camera. It's so tough. Tough why? I mean it's so cold. It's the loudest. The fans got outside of the game the game moments. Just seeing these two coarset in the recognition they get from the fans. Amazing. After the game was over you did your post game interview. You were about to head to the tunnel but then you saw Fox and you waited for him. But why is it important for you to make sure that you wait and walk off with him? Because nobody walks alone. I mean it's all natural. It's the same thing for me. It's not much. Yeah I've picked some of the guys I've been saying. Just how much fun you guys have been having together. And obviously you guys have done a lot this year and a lot of firsts like Coach was saying. But when you have a team like this trying to make a run how beneficial is it to have that fun in between the work and on everything else that goes into this? Oh I mean totally necessary. I think it takes good teams and makes them great teams. If we have all this positivity of the court it's something that ca
qgENVYQG8bY,Spurs,R1G2,Mitch uh Victor's in concussion protocol but is he being examined for anything beyond that? No. Um is he? Did he have to go to the hospital or was he x right here? Uh I don't believe any of that. I just know he has a concussion and he's in the protocol and will obviously take the proper inappropriate steps. How's Harrison? I think he's okay. I think it was more maybe when but I'm not I didn't get the full um messaging on all what happened there. I couldn't tell if he's holding his hand or his chest. He said he needed some. Oh coach in terms of the defensive game plan without when obviously such a huge part of what you guys do on both ends of the floor but defensively how do you guys plan to just obviously tonight? You went small some you had looking but how do you guys overall plan to just without maybe if he asked him some time? Yeah we've played with that Victor this year. Um you know when you look at the numbers in terms of excuse me they shot 42.2% from the field. 34 from three. Got 23 free throws. That's not bad when you're just talking about a defensive effort. Uh they got 24 points off return overs and they got 23 second chance points. So those are probably the two areas I'd start with um and still scored 106 points. We didn't give up one 50 or anything like that. I thought the guys actually fought their butts off. Did a really good job. Um obviously some things we can get short up on and um be better at in terms of closing out possessions and then having some cleaner offense. So it doesn't it allows us to set our half court defense. There were also a few a few good moments when you guys played with I think four guards with uh Devon Dylan um and the other guys in terms of like the speed and potentially the detail how important was that to see those guys perform at that level and do you expect to play more of that uh in the coming days? Yeah I thought they did a good job. We had some combinations out there that were low. Um unique I guess in terms of foul trouble. And then obviously having different rotation and trying to keep guys fresh poor them really forces you to output a lot of energy. And so I thought it was important to try our best um to kind of keep guys fresh and keep spending them because of the toll of output energy to deal with their pressure try to rebound guard and rebound again. And that that's something you know I could probably be better in next game. But I thought they did a good job and I thought when we played with pace and uh y
LasFgRzjGqo,Spurs,R1G2,Diversity not just season season pass how do you approach the possibility of not having Victor for game three and possibly being? Next man we all got to step up. We know what Big Spring brings to the table. And we've played without them. A couple of games this year. And I got to say it's just going to be the next man we know everybody's going to step up. That's a huge void to fill. We can't get bogged down by it. We just got to go day by day. Watch the film. Adjust and get ready for this next game because it's going to be a dog fight. How did that last shot feel coming out of your hands? I mean it felt great. Mitch drew up a great play. We know a five seconds left up three. Down three they're going to try and file. So we want to get a shot up to the basket and a great play call in and out. David have you had a chance to talk to Victor or see how he's doing or anything? Personally I haven't. I don't think any of the guys have either. We're definitely checking on them. Our prayers are with them. We just want them to be good. But we haven't. Nobody here has. What challenges does Portland especially when you guys have to go guard heavy and Vic's absence what challenge do they present defensively down the stretch for you all? Tough to get shots off. They're physical. They got a lot of good guards who who right on the ball and are physical on the ball. So lay game execution we just got to be better. Get into our spots getting good screens getting the matchups that we want. Basketball you may shot your mid shots and think today at the end of the game we missed a couple shots. They made something. Hey David just the physical matchup it was really physical and then maybe some calls didn't go your way. Did you all kind of try and clear your head to not get bogged down in the lack of calls? Yeah I think that's one of the biggest things that we can control for us is not worrying about the rest. And at the end of the day they're trying to make a call in 0.5 seconds. So we can't get worried about if they made this call if they missed this call and then we're late getting back we're doing that. Those are stuff that we got to be able to control. We got to be able to control our emotions because we can't control the calls of the rest make. Scoots been playing well. How do you guys approach depending him and game three? Yeah he's been shooting the ball really well. Got to be more physical with them. No cash and shoes no easy off the dribble pull ups I think he made it. I do
8WhC9AaEW-A,Spurs,R1G2,D'aren how do you regroup without Wemby? I mean we've obviously had the big piece that's going to be missing. But we've played games without them. We've played games without a plethora of guys. I mean we didn't even play Portland with Vic until the first playoff game. You know you know you say next man up mentality but the entire team has to step up because he leaves a big hole in the lineup both offensively and defensively. And then obviously we don't know how long he's going to be out but we've got to be ready to play without him. D'aren how would you evaluate the last couple of minutes? The shots you got the execution on those plays. Just the way those whole last few possessions went down. I mean I think we got some good looks that we just weren't able to make. You know yeah chalk it up to it. You move on. What challenges does Portland present to you all especially in the back court defensively just with their length size all of that stuff? Oh yeah. I mean they're you know have long defenders. You know they're physical. I don't know what the numbers are but you know they don't help a whole lot. You know they have obviously clinging down there and robber Williams. You know they don't give up a lot of catching shoot through these. And that's the way they would play. That's what we expected. We knew we were coming into. They did a better job at that tonight. You know that we knew that they would try to play faster. They had more transition points more offensive rebounds more second chance points. We knew the type of team that they were. So you know they beat us at their game. The scoops playing at a pretty high level right now. How do you counter him? How do you put the clamps on him? I mean it's going to come out and you know shoot like that. Obviously that's a hard guy to stop but we continue to play the way they would play. You know if he's got to get 30 and they win by three I think we're in a decent spot. They have really big size on the perimeter. And they were able to guard you guys one on one a lot in the fourth quarter. How when you go up against like defenders that even when you try to do like your little like push and spin move and you can't get the separation usually get how do you over the course of a game like try to solve like one of the ways I can counter their counters? Oh I mean I continue to play my game. I mean I've been guarded by long defenders my whole career. So I don't really say about it. What did you guys think about the physical
jFvug4JWJag,Spurs,R1G3,What would you say sort of flip the game for you guys in the third quarter fourth quarter? You know I don't know if something flipped the game. I think we worked with the game. I think we just stayed with it. They came out with tremendous energy. They made some shots. We missed some shots. You know obviously there's some game plan stuff that we wanted to be sharp-run. We turned it all over a little bit. They got some stuff in transition. But I think all in all when you zoom all the way out I thought we kept working the game. I thought you know over the duration of it we just stayed with it stayed with it stayed with it. We started getting incremental things that were going our way whether we were starting to get a little bit more downhill offensively. The spacing got better. We started passing the ball to the open guy and letting the ball breathe a little bit and keep moving side to side. And then we stayed with some of the defensive effort. And they missed a couple shots. You know maybe make or miss. But we cleaned it up with some rebounds. And I thought that really helped finish the possession's defensively and then flow offensively into some pace. We've seen stretches like that from Dylan throughout the season. But what can you say about him the way he put all that together at a moment when you really needed that contribution from him? Yeah I mean he got on a run there obviously is the box score states but you know the ten rebounds the three assists and even the four fouls. So this is a physical game. And so we had some really really good side out fouls. We had some really really good matching physicality and making sure we have proper resistance. You know one thing I think we felt in these three games you know that physicality piece is going to be showing itself in a lot more ways and a lot more consistently than we've experienced in the regular season. To be able to match that to set a tone and to get into a rhythm defensively I thought he did a really good job. And then you know the talent pops off. But it's funny how sometimes when you take care of the fundamentals and the easy not the easy stuff but the simple stuff. Then the really talented people can take over games and he did that for a stretch. Mitch Carter in the late third quarter see look you're just having him run delay and they were just completely sitting off of him. He was not taking any shots and it seemed like the offense was kind of like gunked up. And then he finally took that step b
SGxAlLrT-v4,Spurs,R1G3,Hey Steph now you guys finished game three NBA playoffs. What's the NBA playoffs? What's your sense of the NBA playoffs now? I think every game is a different game. You can't look at how a team has been playing throughout the season. Because I feel like once you play a team a certain amount of times you start to figure each other out. And you just have to grind those games out. I feel like every possession matters. Steph I know you had a good game but can you talk about your rooks how they did tonight? The way they flipped the game. Yeah I mean that third quarter stand it was great. On both ends I mean the way that they rebounded especially Carter. I know I mean most of his stats is not as prolific as deals but I feel like he had probably just as good of an impact on the game. The way he was guarding the way he was moving the ball on offense made some big shots got some big offense rebounds. I feel like it flipped the trajectory of the game. Big shot to them. And then Dill I mean obviously super talented played downhill all game. Got to his spots like I said earlier we don't really expect nothing less from Dill. I mean how much work he puts in how confident he is I feel like he was just bound to have one of these games. What was your if you remember what was your first impression of Dillon when he showed up on the scene over the summer? He was super confident he wasn't as goofy as he is now he's kind of a lot more serious but I knew he was going to get it out of him eventually. The goofyness means he's getting comfortable I guess. Obviously Dier and Got a Tech tonight Scoot got a Tech tonight. What's your feeling that these games are becoming more chippy as y'all face each other more? Is that something you expected? Is that something that maybe has kind of changed with the tide of these games? I mean I wouldn't say it was something I expected but it definitely wasn't off the table. It's playing off basketball. Emotions are high both teams want to win our seasons aren't in line. I feel like we're not playing with that kind of aggression and emotion and we don't want it bad enough. What's the key to kind of staying even killed in the level 9 of the thing? Just getting past it I mean once the Tech is called or the foul is called we can't really do much about it. So I mean just moving past it trying to get to the next play. I mean it's some that our coaches and our staff have been preaching for a long time not just for the playoff. It's not the first time we'v
eDRUuCGYjRw,Spurs,R1G3,How was your night? It was pretty good. You had to win. Happy. What were you seeing there in the third quarter that just kind of allowed you to take over basically? I mean I think collective grew. I think the energy was kind of down. And when I came into game my biggest focus was just not try to get it all out once and just try to be that energy guy that came in and played hard. So once I started doing that I think the game kind of just opened up whether that was me getting offensive rebounds or me kind of getting in transition. Trying to merge. Did you go to a bunch of playoff games when you were a kid? Bunch of next games. Bunch of next games. Yeah. Did you imagine sitting there courtsside and then flash forward to 19-20 and you're doing this out here? I mean this is something I've always wanted to do. I think I've been waiting for this moment since I was a kid. Obviously this is the biggest stage of basketball you could ever get to. So I mean just grateful to be on this stage. But for me just trying to just take a day by day you know. You got to win two more. What's the next playoff memory you remember the most? Memory. I was at about two years ago. I was at the or last year Nick's Pacers playoff game. So I think just watching that and just seeing how physical and intensity game was that's kind of something that no stands out when you just sit in there watching as a fan. When you were spending all this time your entire life getting ready for this moment it sounds like. Did this moment like live up to what you expected it to be as far as like how hard it would be but then like how much you were ready for it? Yeah. I think that living up to this moment I mean I tried not to put too much pressure on myself and just think of this game as any other game. So I mean just going out for warm-ups obviously he's a hostile environment and that's kind of when you know you're in the moment. So for me just wanting to be assertive anyway I can. And you know just not overthink what I do in the basketball floor. Like you and Carter flip this game and your team which is giving credit for that. Rookie's aren't supposed to take over games like this. He feels like you guys are kind of to find the odds a little bit but how normal does that feel for you? I mean I'm the biggest Carter Bryant fan. So if anyone else says you guys false I mean I've known him since freshman sophomore year at high school. He's one of the hardest work as I know. And I mean what he's done to get here 
FW4VwazujnA,Spurs,R1G4,I guess first of all in general you know to come in here in games three and four and have to overcome some big deficits in the second half. First game you need to even have Victor available like what do games like this do for a young team that's really on its first playoff run. It gives you a lot of takeaways. A lot of feedback on things you got to be better on and improve upon and try to not put yourself in a position when you got to dig yourself out of a hole. And obviously a lot of really good things that lead to some great competitive responses and comebacks and cut down deficits and then take control of the game and finish in the job. How soon before the game did you know you'd be you'd have Victor available? I don't know the time. I mean it was a long process obviously and I had to get you know it's not an ankle sprain. So things are trending. That doesn't mean anything. To be honest I don't even know exactly when the final word came down but just really happy for him to be back out there with his teammates and being able to compete. How did he look to your eyes physically? I thought it looked great. Again him missing time with the circumstances at hand. I knew he was going to come out chomping at the bit and sometimes that's what it works for us well. Sometimes it has and not just with Victor but just as a team. And I think we have to continue to balance that attack mentality start off games while still anchoring to our fundamentals and discipline and game plan execution. Which was the biggest adjustment you made at the how. I think we executed the things that we wanted to start the game on better. There was a ton of new. There was more clarity and doubling down and picking a fight on a few things that we felt like was the right idea and we needed to do them better as a group and more together. The second time in the series Devon's had a big third quarter. What did you see from him in that quarter? We've been talking about Devon for a few months now and it's interesting because somebody's game to feel like he has such influence on his step. Ryan or his box isn't always as monstrous as we've known before. 32 points for this and that. It's 90 at 11 six rebounds which we needed every one of them. Couple of sales to steal the block but he's just become a staple for us in terms of maturity and stabilizing force on the court. And he is someone that I think I've started to cling to just when it feels like we need a level consistency and he's provided that 
_-4FRzYsO0I,Spurs,R1G4,I think the first time talking to you since game two to run that back. How scary the moment that was at for you that injury and what was the last several days like trying to get back. Not too much in this career moment. I think it was always under control. It was a very weird feeling. We're not getting into too many details you know. Being confused like that very weird feeling. But everything was always controlling. They've taken great care of me. So... Been trying to get back under court you know and use all that energy that I had on the court. Vic you felt ready to come back last game it seemed. Can you explain the process of what it was like getting clear with the league? And you mentioned to Malika that there are parts you're unhappy about. Can you explain what that means? I don't want to get into the details. I don't want it to become a distraction. Ask me again after the end of the season. But again other doctors especially on the spurs but the doctors all around they were great to great care of me. But the way the situation was handled was very disappointing. Not on the spurs again. But as I said I won't get into the details. But I'm not saying that not playing was a good or bad decision. It was a decision. I'm not saying it was good or bad. But the way the situation was handled very disappointing. How are you feeling right now? Feeling great. I've been feeling great. Even conditioning wise I did some cardio two days ago so I'm fine. It was similar to the game without you in terms of digging a hole and working your way out of it. I know that's not a habit you want to get into but what is it about the way this team handles those situations that enables you to overcome those deficits? Yeah we need to find the answers before having our back against the wall. But that also shows the strength of our team. In adversity we stick together. We get closer to each other. We feed off of each other's energy. When you set out the games what did you see or what did you learn about yourself or the team while you're watching from the sidelines? Same thing as you said we got this connection. I think there's no useless drama in between us. We thrive when we do the invisible efforts that benefit others. There's no jealousy. There's nobody cares about. There's that line. So it's our greatest strength. Will you put into words what playing with Deer and Fox has been like? What's he taught you and how he has helped your game develop and grow? Deer and? He makes the game fu
G9xCCLFnWE0,Spurs,R1G4,Hey Dearing Fox. Congratulations on your win. I'm sorry you need a minute to stand up. No no you're good. Yeah. Can you talk to me about when you joined the Spurs early in the season how you seen Wimby grow just this season? What did you see in the development? I mean I think just in his leadership I mean he was already extremely talented. We already knew that. We knew he was already extremely skilled but I think in using his voice I think he's I think that's the biggest change that I've seen from when I got here last year to the beginning of this year and so now like he's always talking both offensively and defensively scheme schematic wise just everything whatever he sees on the court he's voicing it to us. And I think that's probably been the biggest growth that he's had this year. Now how close to tip off was it when you guys learned you would have Victor available to make? I mean before last game we kind of find out last like we didn't know if he was playing a lot. But once he didn't play last game I think we expected that he was going to play today. So there wasn't many I don't think anyone was really questioning it. And what do you think it does for a team young in the playoffs like this team is to come on the road to two games on the road dig out a hole have some adversity with injuries all that stuff. Yeah I mean that's big. I think that's big for any team being able to come out and win both games on the road. Obviously you know this team you know they were playing well but I think for us at least tonight or at least today not as much in game three I think we dug ourselves a hole because of the way that we were playing. You know we weren't passing the ball. We weren't moving the ball enough we were turning the ball over we weren't taking good shots and that led to them getting out and transition living in the paint. When they got three it was the three that they wanted. It wasn't the three that we were forcing them to take. And that was on us. And that's why they had the most I think that was the most they've had in a half-day series. So we knew that when we got in that hole we just had to figure out a way to play the right way not necessarily to play better. If you don't make shots is what it is shake their hands you go the other way. The idea that we got down was we felt like all our fault. And the third quarter we played the right way we fixed that we kept them out of the paint and that's why we were able to give back in this game. Darren on th
YOu9OvdV1lo,Spurs,R1G5,How did you think the team approached its first closeout game just the professionalism and especially that start you guys had? It was good. I mean great start. It's never perfect of course but that's exactly what we said we wanted to do before the game. From a winning standpoint you've had so many firsts this year. Are you feeling these firsts as you're going through them the first playoff series? When? Are you taking minutes or happening or is it letting them go by because there's something bigger ahead potentially? A little bit of both. Definitely a different feeling to winning a somebody and thinking that their season's over and also playing team over and over again. I mean we're all competitors so it's all fun. There was an opinion out there last summer among a lot of people that that was the time for this first to make a big move to get you a superstar to play with to make a big deal. Did you ever subscribe to that at all and do you think this sort of validates the success you guys are having this postseason validates stay in the course with the whole group? It hasn't really impacted my trainer thoughts because we are involved with the team and the team's future and how we're going to approach things. I wasn't really speculating about anything or about any player. I know Brian knows who we are and tries the process and he should get executed the year also for not making a move. Victor Carolina was perfect. First of all congratulations on advancing to the next round. What do you want Spurs fans to know as this team keeps pushing forward? What I wanted to know that I first of all were grateful for the way they show up for how they wear their shirts and home games and how loud they are at away games too because we're dominating our fans at dominating even on the way games. Victor along the lines of not letting the outside talk kind of affect how you think or what's going on internally. All the talk that's been about how young you guys are the pressure that's going to be with the playoffs and you got to rise to the moment. How is it that you handle pressure and how have you seen this group collectively just kind of stick to itself and not subscribe to anything that's being talked about outside the doors? I don't know how my teammates handled it but they all seem to do a great job at it. I guess we know each other much more than any bad outside knows this and we trust each other. But for me I'm not even really trying to avoid that. It's just not a thing. V
rl-BKORzs9o,Spurs,R1G5,Is it just it close out game you know you guys coming out and doing what you had to do to get it done just overall thought son you know gaming what you got out big and then hug them off their toward the end. Yeah I thought it's probably our most professional game of the series. I feel like we punched them into chess first in a game that mattered especially when they're on the ropes. You know we're up three one down the road. So just trying to send that message to start the game and the way we close the game you know they went on the run but I feel like we. We weathered the storm and you know figured it out. Mary Roman your case at 12 Steph what was your reaction to Devon Vicell meeting Donovan clinging at the rim? And what does that do for you guys as a team confidence wise to see everyone step up in those moments? Yeah it was a big time play. I don't know what I was taking at the time but I mean yeah I definitely went up to him and taught him how big of a play it was. I thought we scored right after that too. So I mean yeah Dev's always making big time plays like that just being in the right spots on the defensive. Steph you just said punch in the chest. Usually people say like punch in the face or punch in the mouth. It kind of sounds like almost a metaphor for how the series went where it was so much physicality. You guys like pushing each other around you and Denny like obviously one face to face a few times. How do you feel like the challenge of that physicality brought like the best out of you? I wouldn't just say me I feel like it brought the best out of us especially after game two being to where they won that game just being more physical than us getting more offensive rebounds than us. I feel like it was a wake up call that you know we needed especially this early on in the playoffs. So I feel like it brought the best out of everybody. Steph what is it like for you all just over the course of the year having someone like Dearen who down the stretch when things do get a little bit tight that he can kind of take over a game the way he has the last couple of nights? It's great. I mean just watching him play throughout the flow of the game not really pressing or forcing anything. And then to be able to close the game out like that he's been hot the whole night is you know it's a talent. So having him with us especially in late game close games like that especially when things start getting tight the other teams are going to run. To have that you know
MTSCKsuKub0,Spurs,R1G5,Is that new play they all talk about? Throughout the series Portland that you know has made an emphasis to taking you guys off the three point line What did you find early in this game where those shots were there? Oh I just start moving a little more I think the first couple games me specifically did a poor job of moving out the basketball so Just find them a little little spots the margin was like to stay so yeah Julie you've talked about the season about Your journey to get to where you are and the role you're playing on this team when you have a kind of the kind of start You had tonight and a closeout game and then you hit the five of the seven threes. I just imagine This is just one of those nights that you kind of think about it. You're going through that journey and things along those lines Yeah it feels good. You know it makes it it makes it all worth it Yeah it makes it all worth it You guys came out a ton of energy in that first quarter obviously that was an emphasis going in about starting fast for you guys But you could even tell by the way you guys were feeding off the crowd. I mean you and you know Camaro were having some fun You know going back down court after you've made a couple and his grill there But the way that you guys came out with that energy was that something that Was calculated from you guys in that first quarter feeding off the crowd. Yeah we didn't want to go back to Portland That was kind of the the emphasis for the guys in the team. We just didn't want to fly back to Portland as a four-hour flight so Being up 3-1 playing at home you know so you get chance to close it out and not go back So that was all of the motivation we needed tonight Julie and you guys were talking a lot I guess the week leading up to the series about how you knew there was gonna be more pressure and more eyes on you you know is it something that you guys have found relatively easy just to kind of stick close to each other and keep playing the basketball You've played all year. Is there any challenge to that pressure is fun I think that as a as a unit we've all gone through pressure in our own Ways on our own growing up so Being at this stage and having all you guys here and having other fans on the cameras and stuff It's it's pressure but I think we we find it more fun More than I nerve-racking obviously we have a good group and we all really like each other So it makes it that much more By easier to go out there and just play So no no pressure Just fun
eab3ZIjkx6M,Spurs,R2G1,Tom Warsborne San Antonio Express News. It's Carter. Was that an injury that occurred at the end of the Portland series and game five or did it happen in practice? The foot injury? Yeah happening practice. What's his status going forward? Is that day to day or? Yeah optimistic that it won't be long term but day to day at this point. So don't want to speculate into anything more than that. Tom Petrini Spurs on SI Coach how excited are you and the guys to get out there and play against somebody that's not you. You've had some time just sort of in the lab with yourselves. Yeah I mean it's the playoffs so I don't think there'll be any lack of excitement. Obviously getting back to a game will be fun. I believe the lead up to this series is almost identical to the lead up to Portland. And so you do after a few days kind of feel like OK I don't know for 100% prepared as we can be but there won't be more time. We've tried to do it all. Now it's time to go actually execute on the floor. So guys have been great. They've prepared to the level that we have been held and accountable. So I guess we the best way to put it. And then they've taken that and let it on their own. In terms of being self starters and ready to go battle. Goods the great team. Anthony said it with the SPN back here. You know the Edwards timeline sped up a lot quicker than that injury would typically indicate. You mentioned the prep. How much does the fact that he may play in game one to do that impact the prep the last 48 hours was? A player that level in a way takes a lot of the thinking out because you know those there's only a handful of players in this league to that level. So you know their game. I think a little similar to us in terms of when he doesn't play I don't think Minnesota necessarily changes their style of player drastically who they are. Think they're aggressive they're athletic they're competitive they're physical they're tough minded. And that's how they looked through that whole series that I just watched the first Denver went at the end of it was on the court and went at the end of it was off the court. Obviously when he's on the court is an infusion of talent there. But yeah for the prep we prep for everybody and it'll be fun to compete against them. I'm glad he's playing. Maximobahn they keep your team is the semi-finals for the first time and yet they are like labeled or considered as the favorites in the series. How do you deal with that? And especially like is it somethi
s2sARr0qzig,Spurs,R2G1,bittersweet game pre-vec with the unbelievable defensive performance and then kind of subpar offensively and It's an affirmation. Yeah what was just a bittersweet performance for you I would think I mean that was one of the best defensive performances in playoff history And then offensively a little subpar performance Yeah what can you do better offensively next time out? Oh Oh Start by making some shots So I like know how to use my energy You know obviously used a lot of it No once I've other court and on the other side I use too much Offensively I use too much energy and things that didn't really help our team so That's on me But first thing I started by making some shots Vic we've been asking you for Three four months now about how you thought this team was gonna react when it got into a close-kate playoff game against team that had been there before What what did you feel about the way this team reacted to that situation this first time? I think there was some good and some bad and I think the bad was As I said not going to What we know but I mean it's it's a lot on it's a lot of me because Obviously my game wasn't good wasn't for the good tonight and thus Where the team is gonna look for me you know and You know if I had been or if the offensive leaders of our team had been better it would have been different So basically for everything was different we've been different Julian just talked about how one possession goes different it's a different outcome Can you talk about your confidence in You guys making adjustments as a team as you guys have all season long I Mean we were very confident was still very confident and we were confident in what we were doing on the court But honestly I need to look at the film again To see a little bit more how the dynamics went because it's very nice a little bit blurry for me you know I think I played the last I don't know 16 minutes of the game maybe I don't know and it just went by like this and that's not good It means I didn't have the the grisp on the game that I wish I did grasp right? You talked about managing your energy before has managing energy become tougher as a playoffs go on and what do you try to do throughout a game to be ready to Take over late. That's when you know star players tend to really put their stamp on the game I think it's knowing when you know went to pass the ball went to score Because it makes the job tougher and defense to have to take care of everything But and Subject of the playoff
HMnKgzgb4P8,Spurs,R2G1,Joey and have that last shot feel coming off your hands. Well I felt pretty solid. Yeah it's all I got for it. I felt pretty solid. Um Mrs. Shot what's their next? You were really scrapping for rebounds in that last minute there. What was I guess the feeling on the sideline when you guys got down by 9 and clearly had some belief that you could claw back into it? Yeah it's just 9. The NBA you see guys come back from 20 all the time. We've been in a couple of times this year. That team has ended a couple of times this year. You know so I don't really think you're ever fully out of a game until the clock is over. Down 9 down 10 with three minutes to go. I think we're three four minutes to go. We weren't sitting there hanging our heads talking about oh we're not going to win this game. We can't get back in this game because we did. And then we gave ourselves the best shot with all the mistakes that we made throughout the game. And we just didn't finish to all come down to. Seem that there was a bit of adjustment on both sides. Just the way this game was being called learning each other's tendencies things like that specifically talking about Steph we've filed out tonight. You know what do you think the balance is like for him? You know learning to kind of get away with certain things that maybe he got away with before and how he's not going to you know what is that like? I mean I think it's the playoffs bro. I'm not going to say a lot of it's the playoffs. So I think for all of us we're sitting there saying the game is called differently. It's called you know a little more physical a lot more physical which it should be. You know I guess you are just picking two of your battles because sometimes they call sometimes they don't. This is where it comes down to. So I think you know going into this game obviously he'll be fine. You know a couple of cars I'm going to go his way that maybe should have or you know they just teeter. So it's not something to you know start crying or start going in the hole right by a hole about his next game. The game was way more technical. It felt like from compared to the first series against Portland. Can you talk about that and what it was like being in a game that was just so back and forth? I mean that's a pretty good team right there. I'm not going to say any shally from it. They're a pretty good team. So I feel like that was to be expected. You know that was different from the Portland series. Not saying that they're a bad team
msCAesIecV0,Spurs,R2G2,Mitch how does that Carter look for tonight? He's trending. He's looking well. I think I'm not sure if he's gone through the pre-game testing to make sure he's good to go but expecting him to play if not tonight the next game for sure. So I hope it will be tonight. What was the final takeaway from watching film this morning? Just areas a week and be better in. Obviously we thought there was some game plan execution stuff that we can clean up and then obviously some things that Minnesota did well that we want to improve upon. So no different than any other game. You know it was obviously a tightly contested game that I'm sure both teams came away with some things that they felt like they did well and then also they could do better. What did you make of Minnesota's breakdown on Wembe's blocks? Sandy got away with four four or five gold teams. Nothing. There's a lot of uncalled plays in the game. Then I didn't go back and keep track of all of them or take note of all of them. So yeah I don't know. I'm sure during the course of the game there's quite a few times where I react like there's an uncalled play but I got enough things to worry about trying to continue to clean up some stuff on our end. Victor played almost 40 minutes in that game which is high for him. How do you think he handled that additional workload and especially down the stretch of the fourth quarter? I thought he handled it great. I thought whatever we wanted him or he desired to be better at. I don't think was anything due to fatigue or the minutes he played which I think is a really really good sign. I think he shown that in this recent stretch whatever that is a month or so. Now I guess when you start talking about a few games later in the season and then into the playoffs he showed a tremendous growth in his fitness and playing due physicality and then also adding a few minutes here and there to that total number. Hey coach Julian just the way he played down the stretch. I know you had that you had the good look but just the rebounding the offensive rebounding that he had seemed like he was able to kind of flush away that last miss. He talked about just kind of his approach and what he was like in practice afterwards. Great. Any of our players that are in the game in that moment and especially one of the caliber of shooter is Julian to get that type of look will take it. And then obviously take a step back and you talk about the laundry list of things that happened prior to that moment t
H0GSOjChMZg,Spurs,R2G2,You guys have talked a lot this season about competitive response coming off a loss and you've been pretty good at that. But winning by 38 points in a playoff game do you have any like is there any way to envision that before the game starts? It's a condition that we're in. Oh. Yeah of course we're going to keep doubling up on what worked and a few things I didn't. Erased them. But you know it's an experienced team. We know they're going to respond. Victor with your competitive streak following game one and coming into game two and wanted answer was there any bit of anger frustration on your part just itching to get back out and kind of put on this kind of performance? There always is in the playoffs magnify that. Victor what what did you like most about the defensive effort especially from guys out on the perimeter swarming trapping forcing turnovers? I like a lot of how everyone had everybody's back. It tonight it looked like a system that worked. Victor you took accountability for your mistakes after game one. What does it mean to you personally to see the group respond with this kind of win? I'm just seeing it like it is you know. I know this team is capable of doing all of this. I was to be honest I'm expecting this kind of response from myself from my teammates. So I'm not surprised by any means. And I'm just going to I want to keep working. So we approach more games like we did tonight. Victor after game one like kind of later on in the night as a locker room cleared out I noticed you went up to the air and said something it looked like you guys were both laughing. Like is there like a message or something you know about going into the game too? A message I don't know. I mean we sent lots of message. As a team we talk a lot. And whether it's for you know keeping everything tight or motivating extra motivation to each other it's always a bunch of things going on. But you know we're always trying to keep the positivity. Victor you and Deer and seem to communicate constantly even like throughout the game. How important is that partnership to you being your best in this team being its best? Oh I mean it's a great great importance. As the biggest screener on the team and the biggest handler on the team with other guys along of him it's we're going to have the ball a lot. And he's more experienced than most of us. So yeah we just we got to keep communicating and especially on the defensive side. Hey Victor you and Deer and I the yellow squad the first 11 
wOU735Aq-AM,Spurs,R2G2,Step you guys came out from the get go aggressive defensively which I know you guys talked a lot about you know being physical with them and being the aggressor. What did you like most about how you guys executed the defensive game plan? I think exactly what you said I think aggressiveness was right where we wanted it to be. We felt like game one. They got to their actions a little too easy and they were they were very comfortable offensively so I just think what the scores that they have we we can't allow that so. Good vantage point of Devon's shot or he was jumping in the air before you even got the ball. I did. You've seen something like that before? Never seen that before. I mean it was crazy. I mean I don't even know how he saw the clock from the corner maybe he looked down to the other basket but I mean it was a big time play. I don't know if they were on a maybe like a six-old run at the time so it kind of stopped that and we started another run right after that so. He's been for you guys obviously not as a leading score just finding ways to impact the game in other ways or you know with points even if he's not the one leading the charge. I mean he's been great. I mean yeah I mean obviously with the guys that we have on our team he's not gonna be you know the leading score every night but I mean any given night you know he could be you know he could go off for 30 points on you know seven threes so I just think the way he runs the court you know first teammates and he always makes the right pass you know sometimes he turns down some shots that we wanted to shoot so I think just him staying aggressive just gives us another another score on the court you know when things are going bad especially with the way he can shoot mid ranges and you know create his own shot. Steph what does tonight's win say about the heart of your team? I just think I just think we respond well to adversity I think we've done that all year. I mean I don't think we were two shell shot coming out of game one I think we knew why we lost game one and we addressed it you know right away so and I feel like that's what carried us through through tonight but yeah I just think we respond to adversity very well. Related to the aggression Steph it even when you weren't getting calls early on or when they were making good defense plays you guys just kept going at him how big a part of the game plan is that for you guys just no matter what's going on keep attacking them they're in the paint
Wlo1zEJ5eUU,Spurs,R2G3,I thought we did a really good job at the start. Obviously they missed some shots but I thought we put ourselves in a good position in terms of trying to provide some resistance and then being connected and being in terms of just on rotations and anticipating where our teammates were going to be. I thought we did a good job at the start. Mitch Dick had 16 of his 39 in the fourth quarter played with 5 fouls. Did you feel like this is just one of those games that he wouldn't let you guys lose? He definitely made some big plays. I don't know if I had that good of a feeling. I thought he really imposed himself on the game and I thought he established himself dominating the paint in the rim on both ends. When he does that it kind of feels like everything opens up for himself and his teammates. Then you still get some shots on the perimeter. You get some closeouts. He gets the gravity in terms of teams trying to be physical with them of course. There's a lot of bang bang plays there and he should get rewarded for some of them. I thought he did a good job of pointing through that contact and not expecting calls or trying to get them and just met the physicality with proper execution. When he picks up the fifth foul 16 of those are you internal dialogue as to whether you should get them out leave them in or you are going with yourself? It's just an oberator. It's a valid question. We put Luke in there and part of it also was he was played I believe for maybe almost 12 straight game minutes or something like that. Again for what we ask of these guys it's tough for them to play those stretches and then still expect the pace and activity and the physicality that we demand. I thought Luke did a good job in terms of giving us a minute and sometimes that minute or just letting the guy catch his breath. It may not show itself in the box even the plus minus but if that allows him to come finish the game properly and appropriately then that goes into part of our philosophy and game plan. But I thought we were going to not leave any bullets in the chamber in terms of keeping them on the bench. We were going to play them and then if he fouled out we deal that when we got to it. What are you making of the Gortot screens I guess? It's a logical philosophy. It's been around for a while Gortot has been out of league for a while. It's nothing new. Some teams are good at it. Rudy's been doing it for a while and he's good at it. There's a lot of things where you can be physical and
DYDpO2y4oTU,Spurs,R2G3,I think we haven't done anything yet but not even halfway of the work in this series. I think we showed some strength during this game some relentlessness but we got to prove to ourselves that we can sustain that. Is it good to be along with the big fellas? I had to resort to some things that Hakeen taught me in this fourth quarter. Many things but especially that spin-fade away over Rudy. Victor did you feel like tonight that there was a time going into the fourth quarter? You had 16 of your 39 in the fourth quarter. Was there a point where you just felt like you weren't going to let your team lose? I would say it was more like holding the ship together. We had a lead. We didn't need to rush. We needed to be consistent. Rather than doing incredible things or amazing things we needed to avoid mistakes. And that's something really... the situations we haven't really been in or I haven't. But I know it's going to happen in the playoffs. I think you picked up your fifth foul with 618 to go. I believe I'm not mistaken. It came out for one minute from there. What were you thinking on the sideline during that minute and what was your approach? Once you got back in the game to not pick up that? Just staying calm getting back getting my senses back my energy sintering again just grinding in the game and recovering. I know the coaches... our coaches tell us what to do. They give us the recipe. As long as we stay steady and we trust our process we're going to be all right. Then then Steph Chase Dan pretty well in the fourth quarter held him to the pipe point. What do you think of their defensive effort? And Steph in general with 12 assists a playoff high for you. They really take our defensive game to another level. When you got a good player like that such a good player on the opponent's team. As a guard your guards have to step up and they did. You mentioned keeping the shift together a little bit. Whether you were playing or not this team has got to lose on the road in the playoffs. What is it about these environments that maybe make that a little bit harder and just how have you guys been able to keep that shift together even when you're facing all of that? Sometimes it feels like being in a more hostile environment in a harder environment forces up to step up our game and be on our criteria even more. So I don't know. We really try to approach home and away games the same way. Did you come up with an physicality and all? Did you make them the big one-times stri
tgVTcYVID1w,Spurs,R2G4,It's getting to a point that it's if the people that are in charge of controlling the game and protecting the physicality of the game don't do that then at some point he's going to have to protect himself. We've been asking him to do that now for a while. So that call I'm glad Nasrid was okay and selling like the call was warranted but in terms of the game plan of every single team we face since that young man's been the league and the physicality that people tried to impose on him in the lack of protection is really disappointing and at some level it's starting to get actually disgusting just in terms of when he tries to fight through things and be professional and mature and deal with some of that stuff. I'm glad he took matters into his old hands. Again not in terms of hitting Nasrid but I'll be very clear about that. I'm glad Nasrid was okay and I didn't want him to elbow him but he's going to have to protect himself if they're not and I think it's disgusting. So it's sounding to me like there's something differently you'd like to see from the officials in the way they appreciate him. I just think that the amount of physicality that people play with him at some level you have to protect yourself. Every single play on every single part of the floor people are trying to impose their physicality on him. I get it we get it that's part of the game. But at some stage he's got Chuck he's got pushed down in transition running freely all the stuff. He doesn't complain one time we don't complain because we're just going to play we don't really give it to him. He's my language but at some stage he should be protected and if not he's going to have to protect himself and unfortunately stuff like that happens. Do you think it's protecting the self his reaction was in frustration then? I think it's getting hit on every play and so at times you have to create a lead get a rebound get a catch try to stop them from scoring protect the ball. And so it's gotten to point out I don't know what else to tell him. We've tried to give him fundamental direction on how to deal with it and at times it seems like that's not enough. I think it's supposed to look at this tomorrow and decide about your status for the next game. Do you think there's any possibility that he should be suspended for the next game? No again I don't even know the leal here the rules but there was zero intent. They did what they did because of the outcome of the play. So be it but to have anything on top of 
zYsicr-kqx8,Spurs,R2G4,I think it was a very physical game from the start to the beginning. Obviously I think it was a whole lot of grabbing and pushing and shoving but I mean that's a part of the game. When a piece like that comes out the game I think just next minute we got to step up. And I think that we all did a great job when we just we controlled what we could show at the end of the day. You had a pretty good view of that elbow. What did you see? I mean I think obviously I mean you know when everyone didn't want to get hurt we all played a game. We loved but you can see the frustration. I can see where he's coming from. I don't think it was intentional but it was more like they keep grabbing me. I'm trying to protect myself because no one knows when I was going to protect me. But I mean we got his back and I think that he's going to learn from me. He's just no not to do that again. That was another chance for you to kind of show how far you've come pretty quickly with what do you think the way you specifically handled the stretch of that game? I think there's a lot that I could do better on the court but I think just from a mentality of this bouncing back and it's trying to be what the team needs me to be I think that okay? Obviously the main goal is when we ain't get that done so. That's really it. I mean when you guys came to Minnesota you just knew you need to get at least one to get home court advantage. And now that you've done that but almost you know couldn't pull it out tonight. What's the move going back? Are you just a bittersweet? Is it are you coming with the what's going on? I mean I think we can keep our head high. I think there's nothing to be done about first of four you know. And you know it wasn't going to be easy. We all knew that but for all of us just keeping our mentality of just keeping on attacking and attacking and just keep going with the game plan and just being us. You talked about the next man out. Obviously with Victor leaving for I guess as early as he did Luke had to step into that role. What do you think of the way that he kind of helps keep things together for you guys a little bit on defensive special? I mean he did a great job. He did a best job he could do. Obviously the game really physical pushing the shove on but he stepped up big time for us. You know we needed all those minutes and all those rebounds in verticality and everything. So I mean he stepped up in a big way. And I think he's just going to keep on stepping up like that no
Qmgl2-DvBSk,Spurs,R2G5,Mitch you guys came out of the locker room and halftime pretty slow sluggish. What triggered that outburst there in the third? I'm not sure Tommy. We tried. I don't know. I got to watch the fillback. I thought that we played with appropriate which is hard to do as we've learned in the first ten games of that. We've played with appropriate fear discipline execution physicality poise and I thought we had it from an array of people tonight. And it was really good to see and we needed everybody because at different moments of the game different guys stepped up. One of those guys obviously was Keldin best game of the playoffs. What did you see from him? As simple as it sounds it just felt like he was being himself. He wasn't trying to do something or trying to be anything. He's played with energy. And as he's shown in his career and most specifically this year when he plays with that type of energy the basketball finds him. He's in the middle of plays. He's in you know gang rebound situations where there's multiple people. And he's a catalyst for that energy and that physicality and that dynamic of our team and we need it. Devon told us that cheer on this morning that he expected to see upset Vic tonight coming out. Was that kind of an example of what upset Vic looks like or at least determined Vic? Yeah I don't know what the word was. I think you know one thing the one word I'd like to use just to mature. I think there was a lot that's happened in the last 48 hours in the last game. And I think that young man came out tonight and played in a variety of ways in a variety of situations not just in terms of his production was extremely mature. And then defensively start to finish. What did you think about the performance? Another another sub hundred point game in the playoffs for you guys? I thought we did a good job of having resistance early in the clock. They've shown as a series gone on. They've tried to play faster at times and they're tough when they get downhill. And I think when we've had better starting spots more connectivity at the start of positions I think it's really helped us be on a string and be organized and connected defensively. And that helps you out when they have it. So many guys that get downhill and thrive a getting momentum in space. We're Deerin and Dylan close to not playing or was it tough call at all? It was close because I didn't know when I walked into the building if they were going to play. It was real. And I thought for that you
c_egiiZClX8,Spurs,R2G5,Victor starting with figuring out what a flag II was in Minnesota what it's the last 48 hours been like for you. I've been working with the team to come back after a loss take care of my buddy watching film. Being like to that practice I suppose that. Victor your start tonight how much of that was concerted looking to get going early and how much of that was within the flow of the way the game started? I think it's super important for us the way we started the game because it says the tone. Now the challenge is to do it for 48 minutes. Whether it was stemming from the flagrant two or not something Devon said it shoot around this morning was that the spurs were going to need an upset Vic to come out tonight to get this win. Mitch called it more of a mature Vic. I'm just curious if there's either one of those that you prefer maybe another word. They ain't mutually exclusive so I'm looking for both. Victor after having time to reflect would you have done things differently? Did you have any regrets about the elbow? Just reflecting on after having time to reflect? I mean it was two games ago it's the playoffs. I was focused on the game today and now I'm focusing on the game in Minnesota in three days. Is the playoff we got to move on? I got to care about my team. Victor obviously when they would grab you you would have appeared frustrated in the past. But tonight it seemed like it didn't phase you anymore. There was a point where I early in the game was coming over to you saying something. You just kind of seemed to laugh it off. Do you feel like after maybe getting that release the physicality doesn't phase you in the same way anymore? And you're more used to it? Yeah I feel like the rage-baiting would have been maybe one of the strategies so I feel like I need to stay composed as a team. Vic just how much were you itching to just get back on the court after we're having a game four? Sorry. How much were you just itching to get back on the court? Very very much. I mean I was fresh. Feeling good but honestly it's hard to tell if it's just it was just getting five. Obviously I'm going to be excited. I'm going to have butterflies you know. So excitement is not something abnormal at this point in the playoffs. The effort from your team defensively tonight and throughout the playoffs how would you put that into words? The defensive effort? Yes. I would say it's an area where you need to be willing to do it and to do the sacrifices and to do the extra effort. And i
KCbVv0J5To8,Spurs,R2G5,You know first half y'all came out really strong and then second half another made a little run but then y'all came back. Just talk about the way you're able to still be physical in that game. Yeah. I fight to start the game. We knew it was going to be physical. So just making that a point of emphasis and trying to keep them off the offensive glass. I fight we started a game off well. That's where runs came from. But obviously they're a good team. They're going to go on their own run. So just trying not to hang our head when that does happen and be able to respond and spark another run for us. Coming out of that half time you had that slow start. You kind of got it triggered. Was that your mindset or was it the game just come to you? Yeah. I mean just trying to let it come to me. You know not really trying to force any shots trying to take the shots that you know were the right ones and that were there for me. When I was able to draw two and kick out you know we had a lot of success. So you know eventually they're going to have to start starting fanning back out. And that's when that's when the pain opened up most for us. As the series has gone along as much as there is talk about playoff basketball. And this is the way it is and whatnot. It's specifically in this series. If you got a little bit more use to the way the officials calling this game or it doesn't seem like it's still varies game to game. I don't know. I mean we knew where everything that happened in like the last 48 hours that they were going to call it you know pretty tight especially early on in the game. So I mean that's just that's just the thing you have to work through game game through game. Because I mean if you're not physical with them I mean I said it before you know they have a lot of guys that can score an ISOs and play one on one. So in order to get stops and be able to contest with them you have to be physical. But yeah just trying to just trying to play smarts. You know see how the ref is calling it. And then I asked if Coach was saying that you know you guys might have gotten a little dev in a shoot around so that you guys might need upset Vic tonight to you know make a statement. Coach said you might have called him mature Vic instead. Which version do you feel that you guys got tonight and just how important was he you know coming back and adding him back into line up? I mean I feel like we got the Vic that you've seen all year. I just think I think his maturity level was o
kpzEnnJRU64,Spurs,R2G5,What you guys learned from the close-hacking important that you can apply to this one tonight? Usually that you're going to get a desperate team where you're going to find the team that's ready for the season. You get one of those two teams but this team we're playing against has been in the conference finals for the last two seasons. We know that we're going to get a team that still believes that they can win and that's going to come out ready to play. You're just looking back over the film in game five where there are big takeaways that you're all going to apply for game six tonight. I think the biggest thing is we were able to limit their second chance points. I think in the games that they won and even the games that were close I think they were averaging like 25 second chance points so we were able to keep them all so glass and we've been able to get stops but finishing possession with a rebound has been big for us. I'm going to continue to box out continue to be the more physical team obviously physical without fouling but I'm going to what we're doing defensively continue to do what we're doing and just be able to finish those possessions. There's a lot of talk to you in game five without being closed. Boys still having an edge in a little bit just how much you have to have that in a road bar and staying composed but still having that killer edge. Yeah I mean we know what type of team they are. They're extremely physical whenever they are able to be physical get their hands on teams get out and transition that's when they're at their best. For us even if you feel like it's a fight you've got to be able to play through it until the whistle and for us if we miss shots get back that's where they've heard us in transition when they've been physical and the way that we've hurt them has been able to be the physical team back get rebounds and we've been fine. Everyone's different but it's not 100% in this class compared to in play in the regular season and I mean you definitely see that he's not as explosive but I mean he's still a great player so you figure out a way and I think he's shooting like 50-40 right now so I mean he's still doing what he does. What kind of welcome do you think pick is going to get tonight coming back in here after game last time you were guys out here? Maybe they'll boo maybe not we cares we're here to win a game. Let's see enough to set the pick against tonight. Yeah I mean we need him to be who he is we don't need him to be an
_QkJK-2_n_8,Spurs,R2G6,I'm sorry. Mitch considering the stakes was at the best step council performance you've seen. He was. It's pretty damn good. I thought his temperament and disposition led to him having the right approach and playing the right way. And we have a few guys on our team that are just that talented and when they do that. They take over at times the talent pops. They get to just have fun. And it's pretty rewarding as a coach just to watch. That's not coaching but when they have the right approach and play with the fundamentals needed at this level to execute things. Their talent can take it to another level and he had a few moments tonight where he did that. Darren was pretty good too. Did he have an injury there right at the end of the first half when he went into the locker room? It's just the same ankle. He's one of the toughest guys in the league. He doesn't miss any games. He's one of the guys he doesn't talk about a much. He doesn't show much. And he had again moments in this game that we needed just to settle us. And a lot of times probably the casual observer wouldn't understand when you're up 16 points hypothetically. You don't need to be settled in it feels like you got a big lead in the playoffs on the road against his team. That's not the case. And he made multiple plays all night long whether they showed up in the box court or not. That just settled us and was a catalyst on both ends in the first and the third quarter specifically. And he doesn't get enough credit for that. What is ankle? Is it a thing where he could have played in the fourth quarter and scored kind of called for it? Yes. Mitch when you hear people say that you guys are ahead of schedule does any part of this experience not necessarily tonight but this whole experience that feel that way to you? And again I'm not being facetious but like a head of schedule what? Like yeah I understand the general expectations of what we're supposed to in October aren't necessarily aligned with where we're at right now. So if that's your question I would guess by general consensus then ahead of that schedule. But we never talked about what we were going to be or what we were going to do. We just knew that we had a lot of potential and we were going to try to be the best team we can be. And those guys in our locker room have given themselves to the team and each other. And it's been pretty fun. When you see a group of guys that are willing to give themselves to the team the process regardless of what t
3_ddyc8EVZI,Spurs,R2G6,Devon Bessel Western Conference. Oh! How does that feel? How does that sound? It sounds so real man. It sounds so real. So much time effort hard work put into this past six years and not the season every time in April and being disappointed and being frustrated and just wanting more. The feeling is the feeling you can't even really put it in words. I'm just excited. I'm super excited. I'm super grateful and blessed to be able to be in this position. We've put in so much time trust and Mitch in the plan that he had trusting our coaching staff and everything that they've put into these series and then just all of our teammates going out and executing and it didn't matter who his night was everybody was coming in and just playing as hard as they can and just trying to get a win. This contagious when you start with having a vacant the best basketball player in the world who passed the ball and be on selfish and it just trickles down. I mean everybody's had great games and great moments in these series so it's just a real to be a part of. You mentioned some of those April exits and in those early years you were asked to be sort of a primary creator really grow that part of your game. That feels like you know play breaks down you can just get to your spot wherever. How has your development journey on the court made you I guess the optimized version of yourself for this team? Yeah. Obviously the roles are a lot different for sure but whenever coach asked me to get a bucket or settle the team down or do something like that I know he has all the trust in me because like you said I was in those positions years and years so it's molded me into the player I am today and I don't have to go out there and shoot 20 shots like I used to do. We have so many great players who come in. I mean Steph having again he had to close out the series Fox Dylan that he like I could go down the line. Everybody has been playing so great so I just come in and step up with my numbers called. Slashbrows Dylan Steph. It's Fox's Slashbrow I'm not even 100% clear on that. What's your opinion? Yeah I mean I think all of them specialize in getting downhill and I don't think there's anybody in the league who can stop them when I want to get down here at all. How was their bond helped you guys grow this year? Yeah they really don't care who gets to credit they don't care who's number is called. You know it's I said it's just great to be a part of because at the end of the day nobody's selfish ever
GHXfVm_nrZY,Spurs,R2G6,I see step in see you started that night with your three ball falling and when that happens do you kind of does that open up so much more for you to have a center you're going to have a pretty good night when those first three balls go down? Yeah. I want to say that guarantees me to have a good night but it definitely opens up a lot for me especially getting down hill and making reads just forcing guys to have to go over and eventually have to start running me off the line. I feel like it just opens up the world for everybody. I seem to remember when you were drafted people had questions about your outside shot. What have you done to sort of get to the point where you're doing this in a playoff game? It wasn't just tonight it's been several months now of you going shooting. I mean it just worked. A lot of reps not live reps but games beat reps with a hand. I mean just standing in the gym. I've been working with Jimmy for really the past two years so he's been great. I think the biggest thing for me is just staying consistent with my footwork making every shot feel the same. So I mean he has been feeling good. You're the youngest player in NBA history to have your stat line 30 10 rebounds 5-6 5-3s in a playoff game. How does that feel to hear that you have an NBA record? I mean it feels good. It's definitely a blessing. I feel like there's somebody on our team that breaks some type of record like every couple games. I mean yeah just to be a part of that definitely a good feeling though. You're not supposed to be able to say that about a team and that's supposed to break records every few days. You feel like there's something special about this team that makes you confident you guys can go all the way after what you just did now. Yeah I think we're a really talented group that plays together and plays very selfless. And we're all young. So I mean playing like that it's just... I mean that's where most of the record breaking comes from. Being the youngest guy we have a lot of young guys that are very talented on our team. So I think it could be anybody's night on any given night. So I mean us just being very selfless and the way we move the balls is just fun to play. Last one is Mitch called you an attack dog just now. And this job is to kind of channel your energy in the right direction. Do you feel like you're an attack dog when you get out there? How is the game slowed down for you over the course of the year that it's less about raw energy and more about 
pazr3gYheas,Spurs,Reg Season - Thunder (Opponent),Just what are your thoughts on finishing off the series the way you guys did tonight by the you know the margin you did tonight with the mentality you did tonight and now going on to the Western conference finals? I think it was good for us. Like I said before you know we knew what we were you know coming into. We knew what you know some of the adjustments they they could make you know that was the first time that you know they put Rudy on staff and this is something that we've seen before in the past not with this team but with other teams and we were prepared so the way that we came out the way that we started the game and the way that we started the second half I think you know put us in a great position when and we were able to execute. I guess it's fair to say putting Rudy on staff didn't not work because he's three points in the right area. No I didn't but I said like we're prepared for that we've practiced those things whenever teams invert and like to do because you know you have Vic out there so teams throw out different matchups and that was the first time that we saw it in this series and we were prepared. Darren how's your ankle feeling? I'm alright. I heard you bit. It's a side not the back so I felt comfortable. I felt comfortable being back out there. When this group was put together people had questions about how you cast a little Harper would all fit and in the first quarter you and Steph were setting each other up and just you know trading buckets. How much fun has it been to develop that chemistry and how dangerous of pairing or trio I guess. I mean I think it's great. You know the way our rotations work at all times we have two of us out there. At all times we have two of us out there and we're all able to play off of one another. We can all get to the basket we all make our open shots. We facilitate for each other and other guys on the court like it just adds the dynamic of our team and then you know being able to one get stops rebound pushing and transition. It makes it easier because you know sometimes you play a team and they have one ball handler and we're able to wear where that guy down and it makes it hard for that team so with us having three of them it makes it pretty easy. We can take the pressure off of each other. We can try to take the pressure off of Vic as well and you know we're in this position. I haven't spent this year next to Steph. What is he made of? It seemed like that dude was ready for whatever. Man he takes on
Zcy4j2Kmkh8,Spurs,R3G1,That's kind of a no I ball one but I'll call visit coach that bill it's these every goal there could be mom this one seems particularly there are times when Mark's on your side core just to talk to his own is it is it more of a challenge here deal with race? I would say anytime you play a team that is having or have has had the level of recent success as the Thunder half the fans follow there's people that get enthusiastic and bring energy to support I would say that this would be probably one of the higher end fan bases in arenas in terms of what the environment is like and I think what it probably does more than anything is it really puts emphasis on the players to echo calls and communicate with each other because there's no way anyone on the sideline let alone myself or whoever's coach is going to be able to get all five guys attention at times and with that being said I hope there's also a level of competitiveness and enjoyment of being an environment like that I think when you could beat and you have an opposition there's a level of enjoyment when you're at home and you feel your fan base and the the rabid support that you're getting from your people and I think in a way there's a contrast but same level of enjoyment of when you may be on the opposite end of that spectrum to be able to just reflect on what exactly happened last night in terms of just you know what obviously when he was able to do or how you guys as a whole what you're able to do or is it just let's look at the film figure out what we need to do better for tomorrow no I think when you're in any game in the playoffs and it's specifically probably in a game where you go to double over time and both teams are probably referring to almost double digit time three say this could have won us or changed the game it would be immature to not acknowledge it and so there's definitely moments that we will acknowledge and refer to in terms of what we did well or what we could have done better and I think understanding that that game was in the balance multiple times for both teams so you can't get preoccupied with the outcome because there was so much in the balance I could have won either way. Mitchell five guys last night play at least 40 minutes what's that recovery time look like for those guys today and you think they could go similar minutes at tomorrow night if they need to. We won't ask them to do anything other than sitting a couple of chairs and watch some film so their recovery will be f
NHErxWb-Tv4,Spurs,R3G1,Really the first question is how are you feeling right now playing nearly 50 minutes double overtime came one Western conference finals and then winning the game in that manner. What is the overriding emotion that you have right now? It feels like it was a great effort from everybody you know one to fifteen. I'm physically feeling tired honestly but not as much as you would expect on a sleep as probably the adrenaline is going to come down a little bit and probably going to sleep pretty well tonight. Victor I heard you tell the TV broadcast that it felt at times like you weren't thinking during that late part of the game. Can you kind of expand on that your mentality and also the pull-up three pointer that you've hit with 30 seconds left. What was were you thinking for that one? For that one I was just thinking take my time. But for the rest you know there are some plays I wish I were thinking more. Like the I think it was the regulation last shot. I had an open look you know on a way smaller defender so I should have just taken it. But it's an experience we learn you know. It's just saying that it's a pretty natural response for a competitor to see another competitor that's something that he wants you know whether it's the MVP trophy or whatever it might be. Just curious if that was in your mind at all knowing that Shay had got that award and you were in the top three for it and you know did any part of tonight feel personal on some of your facial expressions kind of look like you were really really going for it. Yeah sure. I think you just said. What does it feel like to see someone else get the MVP trophy right before you step into I guess what is basically the biggest game of your career and then to have the best performance of your career? It feels like I still got a lot to learn. And I want to give it a trophy many times in my career. We talked a lot about winning an MVP and you know what goes behind it when it's political things of that nature. Do you feel like especially after this game that you're the best player in basketball? Do I feel like it right now? I feel tired. But it's not a question I'm wondering right now. We'll see you know the world is 8 billion people so it's 8 billion opinions. Victor tonight almost felt a little bit symbolic the MVP ceremony for SGA before the game and then you have a big response tonight with your performance. If your performance tonight had a message behind it what would that message be? The message would be tha
